All right, Nitson, welcome to
unsupervised learning.
>> Thank you. It's a pleasure being here.
>> Awesome. Can you tell us a little bit
about yourself and how you ended up with
Oxcurity?
>> Sure. So, for 10 years before starting
Oxcurity, used to be at Checkpoint the
vice president of cyber security and we
had the opportunity to basically have a
great view on what's going on in the
industry. And one of the learnings that
I had is that code is the future.
Everything is becoming code. Whether it
is infrastructure as a code or
application code, most of the severe
vulnerabilities in the world are code
and this is the future of where we
should be. Now what happened over the
years is that we kind of got to the
place that we're saying we're stuck in
the same motion over and over again
saying we were promised that shift left
will pro we'll fix things up. It didn't
do so. So now it's an opportunity to
actually go back and fix it hopefully
with the experience that we gained in
our past.
>> So what what do you think failed about
shift left? What do what do you think
was actually done incorrectly? What do
you think didn't work?
>> So I think the basic principle saying it
will solve the problem. It's just that
the problem wasn't well defined. It
solved the apps problem. It didn't solve
the developers problem. Now apps is one
of those cases where application
security can find the issues yet they
cannot fix them by themselves. So they
need to go back to the developers and
ask them hey can you please fix this?
But on the developers plate there are
user interface issues, database issues,
performance issues, feature requests,
bugs from clients and so on. So you get
to the point that this is just another
task and it's competing with the same
tasks that are already part of the I
would say prioritization that goes
through product management and project
management and the concept that we're
saying hey if we found something we can
automatically shift it to the developer
it's just flawed by design. It solved
the problem of apps trying to move
things to development. It didn't solve
the problem. Meaning most of the
organization that we work with today are
still struggling with the same thing.
This is a bloated backlog and loss of
trust with developers because of that
movement.
>> Yeah, I I very much agree with you. Um
I've spent a lot of my time in um appsac
most of my time in ABSSAC actually and
specifically vulnerability management.
And the problem is not finding vaults,
right? That's kind of the issue is the
problem is not finding vulnerabilities.
we can find plenty of vaults. The
problem is fixing vulnerabilities and we
end up having an organizational problem
of uh being able to actually get the
work done. Yeah, I I I think it's a good
insight. So, what problem are you
specifically focused on right now and
and how are you addressing that?
>> So, it's always the same problem. It's
just that now you've got more tools. So,
if you zoom out for a second and think
about okay, how do I measure the
effectiveness of a product security? So
you first of all think about am I
covering all my developers? Am I
covering all my assets? Do I have a very
credible testing tools that can see
everything? I can cover the landscape.
Do I feel comfortable with this? And
that's kind of step number one, saying,
do I have the coverage depth and width?
Then you're getting to the second
question, saying, okay, can I actually
remediate things? Because let's say that
you've spent a gazillion dollar on the
best sensors out there and and now you
know everything, but you can't get a
developer to fix anything. then the
efficiency of your program is still
zero. It's all about whether you can
remediate the risks that matter. Yes or
no? The third question is then great
I've invested this gazillion dollar and
I created a process around this. How do
I get better year over year? If I'm
year-over-year need to invest more
resources just to do the same because
there are more developers and I need
more upscar
to the expenses of developers. It means
that every year this program is going to
cost me more and I'm actually not
increasing my efficiency. So all I have
to do is actually think about three
pillars that you can quantify them with
five KPIs and that's like coverage
remediation or remediation within SLA
and improvement. That's kind of what we
want to do. I think that what we've seen
over the past years are two trends that
are going on. I think that for a very
long time like 3 or 4 years we've been
talking about prioritization because
that was the best way to actually reduce
the load. Instead of talking about you
know what you've got a million
vulnerabilities now let's talk about the
five that actually matter and I'll prove
to you that it is exposed through the
cloud and there is this and that and
many more parameters. So that is the
detection making sure it's accurate. I
think it's one of the things that
changed recently and I'm still amazed by
this transformation by the speed and by
sheer volume is we move to vibe coding.
Now vibe coding from the moment that we
move to the agentic world that you're
not talking in commands just write this
do that. You're talking about intent
versus command. I think that the world
at least for me change and it's a
transformation that we're never going to
go back. I have seen developers that
simply did not see the code of projects
anymore. They're doing five coding and
five debugging which is mind-blowing.
It's like telling a junior, go do this,
come back when you're ready. Go do that.
Tell me this. and the the the vibe
coding agent will come back and say,
"Oh, it's still not working. I have no
idea why." So, okay, add logs, iterate
until you find this and this and you'll
see the vibe coding agent just going
adding logs, iterating, running again,
saying not enough logs, adding an So,
you see this process that we're going
through that is going to fundamentally
change the way that coding works.
>> Yes.
>> Now, here comes the interesting things.
For the past probably two years, we've
been playing with chpt and such and we
kind of learned the understanding of
context engineering. With enough
context, you're going to get great
answers. With bad context, you're going
to get hallucination. And if you're
getting the right questions asked with
the right intent, you can get to some
amazing results. So why don't we talk
with the vibe coding agent provide to
the vibe coding agent a threat model for
something that is going to write right
now and say hey if you've got security
questions why don't you consult us we
kind of know what are the risk what are
the APIs where it's going to be in the
cloud what are the vulnerabilities out
there what can you upgrade what you
cannot what have you done in other cases
in similar projects and you basically
have the entire understanding of this
now I'll maybe add one more thing you're
always working within a context window
and you kind of need to be very very
smart to make sure that the context
engineering just provides enough context
so you can punch with the exact uh way
that you want.
>> Okay, fascinating. Myself, I'm spending
5 to 10 hours a day um inside of these
tools. For me, it's specifically cloud
code and most of my work including
yesterday all all night is context
management and getting the right stuff
in there. So, I'm really really loving
what I'm hearing right now. You
mentioned a few different sources of
context that come in. Can you go into
some more detail? Obviously, not any uh
secret detail, but you mentioned threat
sources. You mentioned like the
environment like I I'll just mention
some of the things I care about as
somebody from vulnerability management
and also who understands these tools.
Well, going back to what we talked about
before, we have to understand a lot
about the org and we have to understand
a lot about the threats out there and we
have to understand a lot about the
vulnerability details themselves. The
combination of those three. Oh, and then
the the active code being worked on. So,
that's a fourth. I feel like that's the
magic combination or or at least part of
the magic combination. So, how are you
getting some of those or or is is that
your main set? Like, how are you
building that context up from what kind
of sources?
>> So, maybe it's a good time to actually
share my screen for a second. What
you're going to see right now, this is
the backend side. This is where the
admin lives. It's not where the
developers live. A developer I'll show
you over Claude. Sorry, I this one is
over cursor. I'm going to show it, but
it's the same thing exactly. Think about
ox as a way to get everything that you
need into a single place. All the
information about your source control,
your CI/CD, how you you're building
things, how you're storing them before
you're running it, and then what happens
when it's running in the cloud. Now,
what we're doing is we're connecting to
each one of those sources and just
getting the information. How's your git
posture look like? Can users just come
in and log in or do they need to be
authenticated? Do you have two factor
authentications? Is everybody admin? and
so on. What are the problems in your
code security? Do you embed secrets and
PII into the code? Open source sbomb
infrastructure as a code. And basically
everything that you're going to see here
is going to be what we call an
application. So each one of the
applications in this ecosystem is going
to have what we call the build pipeline.
So we can see here it started with a
GitHub. It went through actions. It
became an artifact and now it's running
as part of an AWS service. For example,
we can also see that this is exposing
APIs outside. we know what's the traffic
coming in. So we actually just gathered
all the information. Now all of this is
going to be condensed per organization,
per project, and per developer. So if
you're right now going to do a change to
an API, I know what is the context. If
the changes you're going to do right now
is changing open source, I know exactly
what's the context, what should I fix,
what are the implications of this, will
it break any APIs downwards, will it
change anything outside? Will it fix all
the risk or am I just replacing version
five with six? six has different
problems. So you can actually understand
the entire context. So when you're
working within for example code vibe
coding you're going to get a digest just
in time for the relative information for
what you're right going to write right
now. And that's the beauty. So you don't
load the entire context window with
everything that you need to know. You
are just providing just in time insights
about the challenge that you're going to
do right now. Now, if I'm taking you a
bit backwards, one of the challenges
with security and developers is that it
is very hard to remember all the edge
cases. If you're just thinking about OAS
top 10, now think about, oh, I've got
seven of those that I need to think of.
So, you're constantly in the situation
that you need to remind people and in
every language it's going to be
different. So, what it means is that you
constantly need to be in a place that
you're educating people and that's
impossible. But if you can say instead
of talking with the developer, let me
talk with the vibe coding agent. Then
you can actually insert just in time the
right security context that you already
know from it. Now I'll take you
backwards. We started the conversation
saying you also wanted to control the
program saying I want to improve my
KPIs. So if you're getting to that
point, you can say you know what this is
a project with a lot of backlog. I want
to ensure that every week every
developer cleans one thing from the
backlog. So, as part of your Vibe coding
environment, you're going to say, "Hey,
today's Tuesday. It's patch Tuesday.
Great. I want to fix this issue. I'm
going to do those changes for you. Here
are the tests that I've run for you. It
looks comfortable. Let's do it. Do you
object?" And then you can actually start
burning through the backlog.
>> Interesting. And do you have the ability
to see kind of like the different code
bases and like where they work out of
and potentially to interact with those
developers because you can see inside
there.
>> Exactly. So as you can see this for
example this is a juice shop. I know who
are the assigned people that are working
with this. We know who did the activity.
We know exactly what are the risk inside
of it. We know where it's going to be
deployed as part of a container. We know
who are the devops that are building
this on a golden image. So we've got all
this information that we gathered to
create the most accurate context. So we
can inject exactly that into the vibe
coding agent.
>> Yeah. Very cool. So what does some of
the context look like?
>> Yeah. So the context that comes into the
the agent that that it's receiving and I
imagine that's changing quite a bit
dynamically based on what the uh coder
is trying to do at that moment.
>> That is absolutely correct. You said
that you're spending the time with that.
We actually did a contest saying, "Hey,
who's doing the weirdest thing with one
of those CLI based agents which we
stopped using them for just uh code just
to do uh weird things and saying, "Hey,
what can you build with some automation
and those CLI that are constantly
listening and this is a topic for
another episode, but uh people got very
creative with this one."
>> Oh, nice. So, what is this? What do they
build? uh amazing things meaning I'm
going to write about it but I'm just
saying this is mindblowing that it was
originally purposed for one thing but
people are simply taking it to different
places completely different places
>> okay let me show you what does it look
like and then I'll show behind the
scenes a bit about how does it actually
look like so here I've created two files
exactly identical files I gave them
exactly the same prompt one of them
we've got vibes loaded inside of it and
one you do not so I'll start with the
place that doesn't have the vibe sec
agent inside of it. You can see all I
did here is I've asked it to write a
wget function that goes to Salesforce
and just downloads opportunities using
my secret and pass.
>> Now this is the original thing. As you
can see, it just added here ignored the
hard-coded password and added some more
password from itself and basically as
you can see no sanitization, no user
parameters, nothing. I've done exactly
the same thing this time with loading
vibes inside of it. So the same prompt
as before, but now you're going to see,
hey, this is right now saying agent ox
heads up. This is hard-coded password.
This is not production grade. And it's
actually suggesting you're saying, hey,
I've seen in other projects within the
organization that you're using a vault.
Would you like me to export this to an
ENV file for now and add a code from
another project that I've seen which
uses this information? So you can
actually say, you know what, yes, do it
for me. I don't want to think about it
anymore. Just do it locally. move to
ENV, add it to Git ignore and later on
add code that simply loads it from the
ENV assuming that somebody from DevOps
are going to add it from the build
system. So this gives you the
information to actually understand, hey,
you know what, I know how to fix those
things because I've looked at where
other places in my organization already
solved it and then I can just piggyback
on that.
>> Yeah, that's really cool. But it also
did something that's not all the way
there but halfway in between, which is
move it to an EMV and just have the
variable in the code.
>> Yeah. So this is right now suggesting it
and it will create an env file for you
if you you say yes and we'll add the env
file to git ignore so it won't be
uploaded to the git. It continues by
saying okay next I want to make sure
that the input is actually sanitized. So
we are adding all of the sanitization
for you. So the idea is that we actually
took the principles of security and made
sure that the context is actually there.
So from the same command we've generated
completely different code bases. one is
not security aware and the other is
security aware with the ground context
and I think this is the beauty so this
is why we started by saying shift left
as a concept failed us but I think that
there is a better alternative now that
we're working towards vibe coding that
actually can replace shift left as a
concept saying there's no point in
talking with the developer they've got
their own things in mind you should be
talking with the vibe coding agent of
course with the permission of the
developer
>> yeah my friend uh Caleb Sima he has this
idea that security eventually gets eaten
by engineering. And I've been saying
this for a long time as well, like when
you go to a build site where they're
building a skyscraper, you can't ask
anybody who at the build site is
responsible for the skyscraper to not
fall down because they they don't
actually have that. All they have is
builders. So the the question is, are
you building safe or are you building
not safe? And the the only answer, which
is why we were doing all the secure code
training the whole time, is to try to
put it into the brain of the developer.
But it turns out that's very difficult.
One, they already have enough to worry
about. Having to worry about secure
coding on top of that is difficult as
we've seen for all these years that
we've tried. But the other thing is it
changes all the time. They always need
to learn something new. So the best
possible thing you can do it, it's
funny. A AI is a huge security problem,
but it's also the solution because it's
able to do exactly what you're doing
here with this integration. It basically
acts like a better, more secure version
of that own developer just coaching and
nudging and including and modifying on
the fly while they're actually doing
their work, not separate from their work
as part of their work.
>> Exactly. So I I'll show you a bit behind
the scenes. So this is actually what
it's going to look like. So this is
think about it as a threat model. I'll
just show simplified version of this.
This is a general that we've inserted
past as a framework stride and dread as
a working frameworks on prioritization
and then it says okay what are the
things what is information that I know
what is the data flow that is inside of
it what's communicating with mod what so
this is actually communicating with the
agent providing them the information so
think about that this is right now being
injected to the context window and later
on there are examples so you can
actually say you know what if you need
to do sanitization in JavaScript this is
the best way to do If you need to do it
in Python, oh, there's another way that
you can do it. Maybe use um something
that is built into the language itself.
So, this takes you through the entire
model of what I want actually to do, how
do I do this, and just take you step by
step on how to make it happen.
>> Nice. Yeah, this is using stride and all
the different steps. Yeah, really cool.
What are some other context pieces
coming from the organization? Um, you
mentioned the APIs like an understanding
of the full assets. You mentioned ESBOM.
It's like it's powerful that you can see
all of that because all of that can be
part of the instruction that comes to
the agent.
>> So the answer is yes. This is how we
build this threat model because we we
understand right now the threat
intelligence. So we've got scrapers
working through the internet saying hey
what's the news? What's up there? What's
trending? What came out? What CVEes?
What are the details? Then we've got the
scrapers inside your organization saying
hey what's running in your code? What
are the changes that are doing right
now? This application how does it get
built? where is it getting stored, where
is it running, what APIs are exposed
through your API gateway and then in the
code and then in router and this API
what function is it actually getting to
and what are the flows from this. So you
basically create this huge huge AI data
lake that everything is connected to
anything using a graph system and then
you can actually say you know what I
really understand right now if I'm
thinking about the external threats out
there and the internal threats this is
what we want to do now on the back end
what we're trying to achieve is telling
the people that work with us hey tell us
what is your strategy let's talk first
of all in intent not in commands what do
you want to achieve let's talk about the
KPIs you want to be remediating within
SLA Hey, this is your number one goal
right now. Let me do the test for you.
Right now you're about 14%. Do you want
me to build a strategy to get you to
80%. So people say yes, what's the
strategy and say okay let's look on this
group right here. They've got a lot of
password embedded in the code because
this is a very old system. Nobody
maintained it. So this needs to be
treated this way. On the other hand,
this is just a test group, but they're
going to go to production. I suggest
that you start preparing guardrails on a
weekly basis with them saying hey
passwords and no sanitization like those
are basics. This cannot go to even the
staging without those two and it will
just grind and say hey for each project
each developer what should they do
>> and instead of you thinking which was
always impossible to say on an
organization basis this is my policy now
saying okay per project per developer
what would be the ideal outcome.
>> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I super love this. Oh,
so yeah. So I didn't even include before
what you're saying now. So that is even
more powerful. And like to your point,
it's impossible for the dev to think
about organizational goals and
department goals and their particular
projects goals and the external threats
all at the same time. So it sounds like
the step that you're doing is you are
collecting that beforehand. You're doing
like this quasi interview with them to
get the goals and stuff. All that comes
together that gets smashed together that
becomes the context.
>> Yes, exactly.
>> That is the threat model which is the
term you're using that is the threat
model which is the context and then
based what the dev is doing that gets
injected at particular times based on
the code that they're working on.
Exactly.
>> So it is the combination of all those
different sources all unified injected
into the at the moment that it's needed.
That is wonderful. And what's cool about
that is so for example if that changes
the following week that threat model
will change.
>> Yes, it's on demand. Whenever you're
you're saying now I want to do something
at that point you you'll see just a line
saying hey consulting ox mine getting
the latest boom you've got it because
it's taking into account hey maybe
somebody connected an internal micros
service to your service and now the
actual total threat landscape change for
you and you want to think about it in a
different way. Somebody for example up
until now didn't have internet access
and now they do. So the entire threat
landscape actually changes for you from
internal to externally exposed.
>> Yeah. Interesting. I'm looking at the
site. What I would like to see is this
vision that I have in my mind now of
like how this thing works. I'm really
curious about all these different
sources.
>> So the way that it actually works is the
following. So you can actually see it
right here. So we've seen this part
right over here. This is the vibe coding
session. This is what we've seen inside.
This is where you're defining your
goals. This is the admin part. So this
is a simple think about a very simple
chatbot that lives inside a product like
cursor that can actually communicate
with the system and say you know what in
my system I want to do this this and
this and this is what drives the actual
strategy per developer. All the
information is actually getting the
security insights from this oxi data
lakeink. So this is everything that we
gather constantly using runtime sensors
and API calls and reading the code and
getting everything from oursel and from
third parties getting everything to a
single place so we can actually compact
them to a single threat model per
developer per project. So this covers
code build API cloud active sensors
runtime enrichment everything
>> okay and that's got threat information
from external threat intelligence from
external more importantly it's got the
organizational knowledge and then in the
top left what I was saying before is you
could say hey actually our top priority
now is this uh crown jewel application
we got hit by the auditor or we got
hacked or whatever we have to get rid of
all secrets in our code so that becomes
a campaign
Exactly.
>> And then so that would be in the top
left and that would change again the
threat model.
>> Exactly. So it means for example that
teams that don't have this problem will
keep getting the general recommendation.
So new code will be created secure but
they won't have backlog to burn. But if
you're saying hey I need this as urgent
for next week then the members that are
working on that code repo are going to
be prioritizing those issues to be fixed
over other things. So this is how we are
injecting the context per developer per
project.
>> Yeah. And per goals of the project and
the goals of the organization. I guess
that could be extremely dynamic. So if
you make a change for example to the
policy or the goals of the campaign or
something or something changes on the
thread intel side or like you said a
different API is added or different
library is included. How quickly is a
refactor happen to the threat model and
how quickly does that context come into
the active or the next coding session
for a dev?
>> So what you're seeing here is actually
the uh chat interface and it is instant.
So once you go and say you know what I
want to create a new goal that's it
you're creating a new goal saying hey
what do you want to get? I'm right now
trying to improve my SLA saying great
right now you're not doing this is demo
so nothing is getting fixed saying what
do you want to get to? So let's say 80%,
that's great for me and he'll be saying
okay let me build a strategy for you. So
here are the two strategies that I
recommend in your case and that's it.
You press implement plan it's done. The
next thing that is going to happen is
actually the oxmind which is the central
piece where all the vibe coding agent
are connecting to are going to say okay
now new instructions do this. So the
next time that you're going to say hey
write this for me you're actually going
to get a new set of instructions.
>> Very cool. Okay. And how does this
interact with other agents? So you've
got different uh models inside of cursor
or cloud code or whatever. You've got
them all in there and they are providing
knowledge. How is their guidance and
ox's guidance being mixed or combined?
>> So it goes back to the foundation of
transformer architecture. So the idea is
that the more context that we can
provide, the more steering we can do
towards the direction that we want. If
you're not giving them anything, they're
neutral towards security. If they don't
have the context of what's outside of
this codebase that is right now on my
laptop, they don't have any
understanding what is this, what
organization, what are we talking about,
what microservices, how it's going to be
deployed. Since they don't have this
information, they can't inject the
context. They're just assuming let me do
the best without understanding the
context. Now once you have this context,
you can actually say this is how I want
you to fix those problems. And this is
for example if you're looking on the jur
ticket saying how is previous security
issues resolved saying here's a CSRF
this is how it was fixed because you see
the commit saying great now I know what
works in this organization so you've got
the bigger idea
>> okay okay no no I what I was trying to
figure out was let's say for example I'm
using sonnet 45
>> or I'm using uh GPD5 codecs but your
answer also triggered my my answer
inside of your coding tool you import
context so what you do is you import the
threat model that has been produced by
OX. So now whatever model you're using
is using that context. So you're still
talking to the same model. It just now
has the knowledge of the entire org and
threat intelligence and the goals.
>> Exactly. We do have some tweaks towards
different models that favor different
language to be more explicit. But those
are minor changes that we're doing. It's
more on the formatting versus the
content itself. We've seen that
different foundation models react
different to to instructions in
different tones. So some of them get
better commands saying do this versus
others that are saying do not do this.
>> Yeah. And that changes all the time,
right? A slight little model release and
they might adjust and behave slightly
differently. This is wonderful. This is
like really really unique approach to AI
security. And I don't even think about
it as AI. I don't I just think of it as
better building. It's contextual
building at the point that actually
matters which is where something is is
being constructed. And and
>> absolutely correct. Yeah. And I just
feel like my big hobby horse is context.
I I just believe that context matters
actually more than the IQ of the models
themselves. I think the scaffolding of
the context is kind of the most
important thing. So I I just love this
approach.
>> I must say that as I've started playing
with those models and started spending
more and more time with few of them. I
must say that I learned a lot about
myself and on others and when you start
thinking about this logic of hey why
does context window actually make sense
and why does tokenization make sense and
I've seen this research saying actually
people think in tokens as well it's just
that it's not part of your conscious
mind but when you start noting the small
things you're saying you know what
actually it makes a lot of sense when
I've seen myself write right now versus
what I've done a few years back with the
fact that I'm thinking about the context
and how would somebody understand what
I'm writing? My regular writing became
way better. I started to think about
what's the point? What do I want to
stress? How do I do this? And you start
thinking and you actually start to
understand that it's like training a
dog. You actually train yourself more
than you're training your dog. Yes. And
your behavior change, not the dog.
>> Yes. Absolutely. And and it kind of
applies to everything. It applies to
like, oh, you want to be in a good
environment. You want to surround
yourself with friends who believe in
you. You want to surround yourself with
co-workers who believe in you because
it's like all those vibes and those
emotions and those things, they're all
context soaking into you, which
determines how creative you're going to
be or how innovative you're going to be
or whatever. And um yeah, all all your
past experiences. So, I just love the
idea of when you're doing something that
matters, have the perfect context right
at that moment. Yeah. What What else are
you working on? Like what what's got you
excited right now? You have any new
releases coming out? Um that type of
thing. So, Vibesc is relatively new. We
released it just uh two weeks ago. We
have seen massive adoption of this uh
fastest we have ever seen.
>> Not surprising to me.
>> It's like the amount of of organization
just deploying it because it became very
easy to deploy with the recent versions
of uh for example cursor. It became
super easy to deploy this behind the
scenes just rule and MDC. It's very very
easy. You don't need to do anything. In
some cases, developers didn't even know
that it's happening beside just seeing
hey you've got vibe 6 securing you and
adding comments because one of the
things that we figured out if you're not
adding comments saying this is here for
security reasons then a new agent will
come later on and will say hey why do I
need this? It's just it's bad
performance just remove it and
>> you just think about a drift saying you
know what I'm going to leave here a
comment as you've seen in the demo
saying this is for security reasons do
not remove this and then it stays
>> right. Yeah that's wonderful. Oh, I just
thought of something else. Um, coding
policies. So, for example, let's say you
have a sanitization library that should
be used across the entire organization
or there's a particular type of
sanitization that needs to be used like
some organizations like Google for
example, more advanced ones, a lot of
Bay Area ones, I'm sure in Israel as
well, like they just have spent a lot of
time doing things their way. And so, it
seems like, and maybe you've already
done this, you could just include that
as part of the thing. So if you see
someone uh doing a sanitization by hand,
you just say no no no no use the
official corporate library for that and
maybe just swap it in for them.
>> So in the chat ops that I've shown, you
can actually do that saying hey if you
are programming in Python and you are in
place that is accessible to this library
because you don't really want to pull
new libraries into projects that are not
relevant. Please use those sanitization
add remarks if somebody's doing it by
themsel. So you can actually define all
of this and we're starting to think
about the concept on the broader concept
of how do you protect the product and up
until now you were always cons your
constraint was the user interface when
larger companies let's say the bloated
scenup applications they started buying
more companies and just adding more
screens and then one screen didn't talk
to another screen and that was isolated
and it became horrible but the chat ops
this is a way to actually bypass this
entire problem saying you know what the
context is what matters it's on the user
user interface. The user interface is
just a way for us to display things.
It's not a way for us to think about a
connected system. And when you're
talking about what excites me, the thing
that excites me is creating feedback
loops and having several agents
connected to each other, providing
critique or judgment on previous work
and improving themsel. Meaning, it's a
second and third derivative. When you
start thinking about it, saying, "Hey,
I'm stuck on this problem. Please do the
following. Add logs, iterate, measure.
Am I better?" and start doing this until
you get to at least 60% improvement. And
when you start thinking about in terms
of process versus command or intent or
we call the third derivative, you start
getting to really really interesting
things right now. You start seeing
places that are talking about let me
build a process for you versus here's my
intent. And this is mind-blowing.
>> Yeah, I really love that. I mean,
because all these agents can be looking
at the code that's been built, all the
different vulnerabilities, and it can
build a strategy, and it could actually
present to the user and say, based on
these goals that you've given me, if you
did this campaign, you would actually
get the the vans down faster than your
current campaign.
>> Exactly. The challenge is most people
don't think right now in a campaign
concept. It's like, I've got a program,
I've got issues, I need to just bang
them one by one. And it's not a
sustainable strategy. And the idea is to
just provide something completely fresh.
And this is why we're saying the old
methods are dead. I think that a lot of
the vendors out there, the incumbents
have been promising things that were
simply the best the industry can
provide, but for the first time, we've
got a path towards something completely
new.
>> Yeah. I I think the difference is that
you're actually with the builder now.
You're actually building with them,
providing context in real time. It's not
a fair fight compared to secure dev
training or, you know, a scanner that
finds vulnerabilities and you just blast
it out in a million Jiraa tickets and
you hope the devs do the work, which
they don't cuz they're already busy and
now they hate security. It's just like a
system didn't work. This is really
exciting stuff. Yeah. Glad we got to
have this conversation.
>> So, first of all, thank you. It was a
pleasure. And actually, we're having a
Vibesc conference in a few weeks. I
think it's on the 4th of November. This
is the corner of vibe coding and
security where we are going to show a
lot of the research and have some very
very influential people talking about
where the industry is going and what
should we expect in the future and I do
expect a lot of changes especially with
the speed that vibe coding is
progressing in right now just to give
you some kind of indication so we're
right now seeing we've got a few
hundreds of customers we're seeing right
now that it's already high number of
singledigit of users are using vibe
coding I'm I'm not talking about like
the old like copilot. I'm talking about
like intent pace and this is increasing
month after month in an ever faster
pace. So my assumption is that by mid
next year we're going to hit the 30 50%
mark. So from my perspective this is on
this is happening. No breaks no undo.
>> No, I agree. I agree. And it's it's
crazy to me when I see people talk about
oh AI kind of went away or whatever.
They they're not paying attention to the
right thing cuz inside the enterprise it
is accelerating not slowing down.
>> Exactly. And and there was this research
saying hey 95% of projects fail. Of
course they fail. It's like the first
attempt in learning. This is fail. This
is actually the acronym. Most of them
are going to do second attempt in
learning and third and some of them will
survive and transform and some of them
will simply become old and irrelevant.
>> Yeah. And not only that, but the way
enterprises work is they're so slow that
the stuff they were trying was from a
year, year and a half ago. That was
ancient tech that they were actually
trying. So yeah, the next iterations
will be better. Anything else? Where
could people find out about you? Um any
research we can send them to?
>> First of all, everything is on our site
on ox.curity and on vibesc.io. This is
the site that we're going to place all
the information that we find right now
on vibe coding on the corner of
security. And beside that, I'm
accessible through LinkedIn. Always
happy to share my thoughts and say what
I've seen. I usually say what I've seen
over the past year, but I think that
right now the term is what I've seen
over the past weeks because the pace of
change is so fast that you constantly
need to be looking towards the change.
>> No, it really is. I mean, when when uh
cloud code releases an update, I just
like I cancel meetings cuz like I'm
going to go refactor my whole stack
based on some new feature that came out.
I'm going to go update my whole context.
Where is the event happening that you
talked about?
>> It's a virtual one, but there's going to
be also a face toface one just before
RC.
>> Oh, very cool.
>> But right now, I see that most of the we
allocated a thousand places. Most of
them already allocated. So, we might uh
do another one towards end of November
again.
>> Okay, very cool. Well, I'll definitely
see at RSA as well. But, uh, Nitson,
thank you for the conversation.
>> Amazing.